UI Design:
- Top-right corner, small night mode slider - pieces turn green and blue instead of red and yellow, grey background
  instead of white, etc..  Simple things to reduce eye strain.
      - Possibly add an Easter Egg for flicking it on and off 10 times - "Let there be (no) light!"?
- Top center on all screens, ConnectPlus (or whatever name is chosen) in game colours: red, yellow, perhaps a bit of
  a deep green.
- All screens will have vaguely outlined rounded boxes (more pill-like shape, really) for things like the option to log
  in, sign out, etc..
- Disobeying instructions will result in some visible indicator, such as perhaps a flash or two of a glowing red border.
- Things like board dimensions, number of pieces to connect, bot difficulty (if selected), etc., will be done with the
  use of sliders, possibly with colour gradients or little lines indicating each increment.
- Player statistics are saved, possibly with a profile picture, and contain their games won and lost, ELO score, and the
  like.
- The player statistics screen will also have a bit that scrolls down displaying all played games, with the various
  windows showing the games' final position and possibly indicating who won.
- Possibly add feature to add badges/medals to profiles based on games won/lost and bot difficulties beaten?
-

USE CASES:
i. Wrong user name or password on sign in
ii. Wrong password verification on account creation
iii. Account exists on account creation
iv. Invalid move in a game
v. Can't log-out if not logged in? (This should already be dealt with)
vi. Attempting an undo when already done
vii. Pieces to connect must be <= length and height, though this should be done by default
viii. Winning in all possible configurations: both players 1 and 2, and the bot, on verticals, horizontals, diagonals,
etc., particularly in literal edge cases: when victory is granted in a corner. Test also game progressions, such as the
typical outwards pattern:
                                    ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
                                    ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
                                    ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
                                    ? ? ? O ? ? ?
                                    ? ? X X O ? ?
                                    ? ? O X X O ?

1. Fix board overflow error on inserting the last piece, such as the third piece in the first column in a 3x3 grid: DONE
[X] ? ?
 X O ?
 X O ?
 fails. This is wrong.

2. Fix the horizontal checker: DONE
? ? ? ? ? ? ?
O ? ? ? ? ? ?
O ? ? ? ? ? ?
O ? ? ? ? ? ?
O ? ? ? ? ? ?
X X X X ? ? ?
Player O wins!
WRONG for WinPieces = 4.

3. Fix diagonal checkers:DONE (in theory)
? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ?
? ? X ? ?
X X O O ?
X O O X ?
WRONG for WinPieces = 3.

4. Add fail-safes for wrong characters: don't crash the program, but insist that the player try again.

5. Add settings.txt to save length, width, and win condition

6. Add A player-vs-bot mode, where a player can face off a bot of varying difficulty from 1 to 10,
where 1 is a completely random move selector and 10 is a minmax algorithm designed to win.

7. Undo button, allowing up to a preselected number of undos per game (selected by scroll bar in advanced settings
during game setup; 3 by default).
    Addendum 7.a: It could be possible to add a "redo" button when playing against a bot, reverting the bot's move
    instead of the players. This could also be capped at 3 - like the regular undo button, it would revert the game to
    the player's previous game state. If there  is only one player, it deletes both the bot and player move - it is more
    of a super undo button, really.

8. Better game-saving system

9. Function ELO calculation based on games plays and moves to win, relative to opponent moves. Bots will always add or take
BOT_DIFFICULTY * PIECESCONNECTED - MOVESTOWIN - UNDOS or something like that. Opponents will follow a similar calculation,
with ELODIFF * PIECESCONNECTED - MOVESTOWIN - UNDOS or something similar.

10. Make the statistics actually change instead of being the defaults

<<<<<<< HEAD
11. Make user functions screen: an option to reset user statistics, delete accounts, change passwords, and the like.
Possibly limit the number of resets to 0, to avoid ELO changing?
=======
11. Game saving mechanic, where each game is saved as an array of numbers indicating which column each player went to.
For example, in a 3x3 grid, [1,3,2,2,3,1,1] would be
                                                        X ? ?
                                                        O O X
                                                        X X O
and so on. As such, it would be possible to (a) keep a record of each game, in both the final game-state and moves made,
and (b) allow for an undo by simply reverting to the previous move's game-record.
    Addendum 11.a: it would also be possible to store the game state in a 2-D array, whether the actual board or the
    coordinates of each piece dropped (for the above example, [(1,1), (3,1), (2,1), (2,2), (3,2), (1, 2), (1, 3)] but
    this seems less practical).
>>>>>>> e9382993f696cfc7432fd35714c91a1486e08f41

12. Quitting a game counts as resigning.

13. Make the UI prettier on the backend for debugging, and consequently, on the frontend also. Add possibly numbers to
the respective columns (that switch to [X] when it is not possible to move there any more) or something of the sort.
    Addendum 13.a: Make the spacing prettier also.
    Addendum 13.b: Make a fun feature for ending a game, where the chips all spill out of the bottom after a "X Wins -
    Accept?" message pops up.

14. A super-complication could be permitting more than 2 players, but this seems rather difficult not in implementation,
but continuation.

15. Add user functionality such as resetting passwords and accounts, as well as a way to delete one's account.
